Downloaded from
YTS.MX
Official YIFY movies site:
Love's been around
Since time began
Yet I never found
The time
Now since we've met
I'm a different man
The time I lost
I found in you
In time
Oh, shit.
Hey, you little fuck!
Mort! You owe me, Mort!
What do you think
you're doing, Joey?
Mort! Mort!
I did the job.
You're dead, Joey!
I want my money.
I'm getting out of
this fucking town
and I gotta collect.
Oh, damn!
I'll kill you!
Come on,
Mort, be reasonable.
This is business.
Nice belt buckle.
You ain't gettin' shit.
Drop my TV.
You dick!
You motherfucker.
Come on, you little ass.
Fuck with me, huh?
You fuckin' little asshole,
dickhead, cocksucker!
You fuckin' come on!
Come fuck with me!
I'll get your ass, you jerk!
You fuckhead,
motherfucker!
Fuck all of you
and your family!
Come on, you cocksucker,
slime-bucket, shit-face,
dirt ball!
Come on, you scum-sucker,
you fuckin' weemie!
Come on, you asshole!
MONA:
This isn't such
a bad place to die,
is it, Chucky?
I tattooed your name
on my ass.
How was I supposed to know
you were a Nazi?
Oh, Julian,
I really wanted it to work.
I did.
Too bad you really
wanted a boyfriend.
Dear Abdul,
you were kind and gentle,
and schizophrenic.
A shoe salesman,
gang member,
TV actor, pornographer.
MONA:
And finally, you, Lance.
You were such a good...
...lay.
Are we dead?
I don't think so.
Can--
Could you help me, please?
Actually, I was
trying to kill myself.
Could you put it off?
Oh, what's your name?
Mona.
Mona. That's a--
A beautiful name.
Mona Lisa.
So, what's your name?
Joey Turks.
Joey Turks?
So where do you live?
I-- I bounce around.
You don't have
a home?
I haven't settled yet.
How long have you
been in town?
Two or three years.
Why were you trying
to kill yourself?
Because I'm fucked up.
Well, so am I.
So is everybody.
So what?
I think I'm gonna
go to bed now.
You can stay on the couch
if you want.
Mona.
What?
Thank you.
For what?
Saving my life.
You're welcome.
Do you dance?
Do I--?
I lost two gallons of blood
and you're asking me to dance?
What time--? Ow.
What time is it?
I wanna dance.
Don't wanna dance.
Yes. Come on.
Come on.
Sure you can.
Oh, we're dancing.
We're dancing.
That's okay.
Okay.
Oh, that's good.
Yeah.
Why haven't you
come into my room?
Because I'm an invalid.
Uh, you have a very nice
apartment.
Is-- Is that a
Norton Rockwell on the wall?
Uh...
I really don't know
how to dance.
MONA:
You saved my life today.
And,
I don't know whether
to thank you,
or to hate you.
Or if I didn't save
your life,
you wouldn't have
saved mine
and I would have
bled to death.
And blood makes me
nauseous.
MORT:
Who is it? Who are you?
You're fucking with me,
you're fucking with Mort!
I'll blow your balls off,
you fuck with me!
I'll fuck with you!
Fuck you and your mother,
you asshole!
You're dead!
You pussy, come and get me!
Come and get me, you fucker!
Hey, Hanky, the bad guys
winning again, huh?
Yeah, I guess this is
the only place you can win
when you reach the
golden years, huh, old man?
Hey, how's the case
goin', Hank?
Three dead scumbags,
no clues.
Hey, you know, maybe you
ought to file it inactive
with all
your other cases.
Yeah, the legendary Hank Dick
and his famous intuition.
Now, you wouldn't wanna
blow your pension
so close to
your retirement,
would you, pops?
Got us some doughnuts
and some coffee.
You all right?
I want you to go.
You heard what I said.
About what?
Our date is over.
Okay.
Right now?
Let's go get some breakfast.
Some eggs will do you good.
Get out!
Seen my shirt?
This is good.
This is...
...very nice.
I gotta get
out of this town.
Oh, shit.
Joey?
I don't know, Mona. You're
kind of hard to figure out.
Well, actually,
I'm an open book.
You like me, right?
Yeah, I like you.
It's just that...
Well, I mean, I don't think
I should get real close
to anybody right now.
I've had my share
of problems with men,
and the last one made
the Marquis de Sade
look like Pat Boone.
Marquis who?
Forget it.
Well, I...
Maybe we can go
on a date sometime.
Why don't you move in?
Oh, man.
Hi, Joey.
So where's my bag?
Three bucks, partner.
You know there's
a 24-hour limit.
Come on, Thelma.
How are you?
Spot me this time.
This time
is the fourth time.
No money, no bag.
You're going
to Phoenix too?
Oh, good.
My daughter has
a rock garden there.
And there's one
big rock in the middle.
Oh, it's beautiful.
I lay down near it
once a day,
and it rejuvenates me.
Do you believe in rocks?
Yeah, sure. I like rocks.
Oh.
Some people believe in
those mineral baths.
And mud.
I think the water's
polluted.
You can't pollute a rock,
can you?
Can you?
No.
Rocks are like stars.
They have a special aura,
and temperature
and personality.
My favorite is sandstone.
It's so compassionate,
and sensuous.
You have a wonderful trip.
Aren't you going to Phoenix?
Uh, no, I can't go there.
Thanks.
Gotcha.
Hello, Joseph.
Detective Dick.
Let's drop
the formalities, kid.
Call me Hank.
Okay, Hank.
You weren't thinking about
borrowing this car
with the keys in the ignition
now, were you, Joey?
No.
Naw, naw.
This is my cousin's car.
And he doesn't--
Grifting small change
from old ladies.
That'll buy you three months
in the tank.
She's my aunt and she--
She's a very nice lady.
She had to give me
a couple of bucks.
Let's go for a drive,
stupid!
I'm clean, Hank.
Hank, I'm clean
as a whistle.
I'm a new man, Hank.
I've got my eye
on you, son.
HANK:
Your fingerprints
are all over the place, pal.
It's a mess.
You're scum, Joey.
He is scum.
I'm not gonna tell
the coroner about this.
He can bleed and rot
until I bust this case.
And as for you,
you can rot in the hole.
Let's go.
He was alive
when I left here!
Come on, slammer time!
He owed me 400 bucks,
the asshole!
You're the asshole.
Four hundred bucks for what?
Talk!
Ow!
Aargh!
Why did he owe you?
I ran something.
For who?
For Mort.
From who?
I don't know. Ow!
Spuntz!
I did it for Spuntz!
Spuntz?
H. Spuntz?
What did you deliver?
A big box.
A big box?
You idiot,
you don't even know
what you were handling.
Where did you
meet Spuntz?
Meet?
You know no one
meets Spuntz, Hank.
I made a blind pickup.
Come on, upsy-daisy.
You didn't kill anybody.
I don't wanna go to jail.
I want Spuntz.
I want him so bad
I can taste his blood.
I dream about him.
He ruins my appetite.
I think about him
when I shit.
I even have
a picture of him.
Twenty years
I've been after him.
And I can smell him now.
How can such a small-time
buffoon cause so much trouble?
You're gonna help me, right?
Yeah. How?
My intuition tells me that
he's gonna come after you,
and you're gonna
lead me to that pig.
You're gonna tell me
everything that happened
or your balls
are going to fry.
Don't fuck with me, boy,
because I'll send you
down on murder one.
Don't, because I will.
I'll-- I'll promise--
I'll help you,
Hank, I swear.
I swear.
Coming.
Hey, baby. Miss me?
Lance, what are you
doing here?
I said I didn't wanna
see you anymore.
Aw, come on.
You didn't mean that.
Fuck off.
Wait. Wait a second.
I thought you might be
needing--
Stop! It's over,
we're finished!
What do you mean
we're finished?
Hey, who the fuck do you--
Get out! Oh!
What?
Is that a new shade
of lipstick you're wearing?
You're a dick!
LANCE:
Ow!
Sorry.
Jesus Christ, man!
Watch where you're going!
I ought to kick your ass!
Well, go ahead.
Asshole.
Ow! Fuck!
Dickhead.
I told you that is it!
Am I in or out?
Come in. I'm sorry.
There was just some idiot
banging on my door.
A lot of idiots
in this neighborhood.
Is that it?
Yeah, that's it.
You can put it
in the closet.
Think it'll fit?
I made you dinner.
What are we having?
Chicken and noodles.
They're ramen noodles.
Mm.
They're good.
So do you, um, chew,
or do you just shovel?
Sorry.
I eat when I'm nervous.
Well, what are you
nervous about?
I was almost
a murder suspect today.
A murderer?
It figures.
I'm not.
Do I look like a murderer?
I'm a nice guy, right?
Uh-huh.
Mm.
Yeah, you're a nice guy.
You're a very nice guy.
So, what do you do for work?
Um...
I'm in a career
transition at the moment.
You got a job?
Envelopes.
I stuff 'em,
I lick 'em,
and I send 'em.
Sounds interesting.
I wanna take you
somewhere.
Okay?
That'll be great.
Can I finish my noodles?
One girl in five maybe
Maybe look away
One girl in 10
Maybe you give the time of day
One girl in 15
And you're cultured and polite
Oh, please, and thank you
Let me stay another night
But one girl in a million
Will be your confidante
Your paramour
Your partner in crime
One girl in a million
Only one girl in a million
Is a friend for life
Two girls make a party
Three girls make a war
Four girls make an opera
And five just make you sore
Each one is so different
Yet you remain the same
A lonely man with memories
Who's not too good
With names
BACKING SINGERS:
Who will stand beside you?
Stand beside you
When your money's
All run out?
And understands
What moonlight
And a long walk
Off to nowhere's all about
One girl in 50
You might give a half a year
One girl in 60
Throws you out upon your ear
Eighty had you crying
Ninety baked you cakes
One hundred broke the bottle
Broke your head
And broke the leg
But one girl in a million
Will be your confidante
Your paramour
Your partner in crime
One girl in a million
Only one girl in a million
Is a friend for life
One girl in a million
Only one girl in a million
Is your friend for life
So, what did you think?
It was beautiful.
Really?
That was very--
That was very beautiful.
LANCE:
Hey, baby.
You paid for it,
now you're gonna get it.
And I'm just the asshole
you love gettin' it from.
One, two, three, four!
Searching for a new way
You're looking
For a way out of
This mess
You've let build up
Around you
Believe what you see
Believe what you hear
You wanna get some air?
You go ahead.
I got-- I got somebody
I have to talk to.
It's time to take charge of
Your own life
And start making decisions
Stop relying on others
Hip suit.
Thanks.
It dazzles.
It's boring,
isn't it?
What's that?
The music.
It's just loud.
Yes, that's it.
Loud, loud, loud, loud!
Beautiful, man.
Are you a poet?
No.
What do you
listen to?
I like a voice.
I like, you know, a song.
Yeah, yeah.
You know, like Nat,
Vic, Tony.
Of course, I love Frank.
You--
You are the voice of hip.
Strangers in the--
No, wait a minute.
Wait.
Strangers in the--
Strange--
Oh, man, you must think
I'm such a hose.
Strangers in the--
In you go. Up!
Frank who?
Believe what you see
Believe what you hear
Body heat
Generate
Stimulate
Hallucinate
Radiate
Adrenalin
MAN:
Mr. Turks.
These are not the most
pleasant surroundings
to meet in
for the first time.
H. Spuntz?
Joey, meet Bart Daniels.
Pleased to meet you,
Joey.
I'm not going to waste time.
What were you doing here?
Why did you kill Mort?
And where's my product?
I didn't kill Mort.
Joseph,
where's my product?
What product?
I don't--
I don't-- Aah!
That's enough.
Let's waste him!
You ingrate!
He's all we've got!
Fuck you, fatty.
I'll put you back
on the streets!
Joey, that gun.
That's pathetic.
Uh...
Now, Bart, everyone knows
Joey Turks
never carries
a loaded gun.
Calm yourself, lad.
Pull up a chair, Bart.
Joey,
do you know what you
ran for me that day?
Lab name: LBD.
Street name:
libido.
Some of my colleagues
make this:
Into this:
This new pill
fills that one void that
causes so much desperation
in so many people.
Love,
physical love.
Fucking.
It's what everybody wants.
Isn't fucking the answer?
Libido makes you feel
warm all over.
It makes you wanna
reach out and
touch someone.
It makes you wanna fuck.
Over and over.
And the sickness
you feel the next day
makes you want more.
A few tastes
and you're addicted.
Bang-o!
You're addicted to something
you already want to do.
Heh. It's beautiful.
I bring people together.
I have most of my earnings
invested in this product.
It's the only batch
on the entire planet.
I procured them.
I want them back!
Where are they?
I didn't steal 'em.
BART:
Howard,
can I use one of my
personalized bullets?
I want my drugs.
I want my drugs!
I want them!
I'll help you!
I'll--
I-- I-- I know
where to find 'em.
Bart,
take him.
Take him.
Show me
where to go, Joey.
Adrenalin
Body heat
Which way?
Right.
Right again.
What?
Left, right.
Are you sure?
Shit. Left.
I'm sorry. Left.
Adrenalin
Adrenalin, adrenalin
Are you dickin'
with me, Joey?
No, I don't wanna--
Are you dickin' with me?
I wouldn't--
Which way do we go?
Left. Left.
That way?
Jesus, left.
This is definitely
a left.
Are you sure about that?
Hm?
Positive.
This up here.
This is where I get off!
Hey. Hey, where you going?
Come here...
Come back. Come here.
You must be real
fucking losers
to fucking listen
to this shit!
Oh, man, no beer.
Hey, baby, what are
you doin' here?
Lance, I don't wanna make
a big thing out of this.
I just came down here
to tell you...
...that I don't wanna
see you anymore.
I don't wanna
hear from you.
fuck you anymore.
And I don't want you
to come to the apartment.
You know,
you should've called me,
because we could've had
a little duet action.
You're such an asshole.
You repulse me.
Really? It's kind of
a happy coincidence
because that's when
you fuck the best.
You dick!
Ow! Hey!
Hey, wait!
Maybe I was a little hasty.
All right, look,
what I really
wanted tell you was,
do you remember
that rash you gave me?
Well,
it's all cleared up,
and I'd suggest a talc
for you, if you want.
You just--
Come on!
Get off of me!
You know you want it.
Hey, man. How's it going?
Hey, what do you think
of the velvet frog?
You know, Mel?
Mel Tormé?
Yeah.
Get off of me!
Come on.
What the hell's going on?
Nice shoes there,
Camper Bob.
The lady and I are trying
to have a conversation.
Get the hell out.
Who's this?
Who is this guy?
Lance, this is Joey. Joey,
this is Lance.
Lance?
Hi, how you doing?
Lance...
Wait a second, you're
not going anywhere!
Aah! God!
Jesus Christ,
it's a fucking gun, man.
Well, fuck!
JOEY:
Get in the car.
What car?
This car.
What are you doing?
Stealing a car.
Joey,
what is going on?
So who's the guy
with the tattoos?
We're in a stolen car,
you've got a gun.
Where are we going?
It's not loaded.
Who is he?
You disappeared for an hour.
Is that blood?
Is that that blood?
Is that--?
Who--? Who is he?
He's some guy I used to fuck,
okay? Now are you happy?
Pat Boone?
I'm trying to get him
off my back!
Well, he's off!
Because we're
getting out of town.
What?
We're getting out of town.
We're hitting the road?
Stop the car.
Stop the car!
Now, Joey,
what are you talking about?
I answered your question,
now you answer mine.
What is going on?
I'm in a little bit
of trouble
and it would be a lot easier
if we could just blow.
What kind of trouble?
I'm not gonna begin
to get you involved right now.
I just met you.
I don't know
who you are or what you do.
I'm a car thief.
All right?
I'm not a very good one,
I-- I--
This is for show, okay?
I don't even need this thing.
How about it?
I just can't be impulsive.
Mona, you asked me to move in
with you 12 hours after
we met.
Yeah, well,
I just can't run like that.
You're gonna
have to go without me.
I'm sorry.
Pardon me, sir
Stop flirting with her
The lady's with me
With that come-hither stare
It can't get you nowhere
The lady's with me
You're not to blame
For digging a dame
But let me repeat
What do you want, Turks?
What kind of car
is it this time?
JOEY:
It's not a car.
What?
Are you pimping now?
No, Ack,
I need some info.
Libido, what's the word?
That's out of your league,
kid.
I pay you for information,
not advice.
I smell what I smell.
There's only
one hatch available.
Who's got it?
Somebody lifted it
from Spuntz.
Ack, I know that.
Now swallow your chow and
give me some straight answers.
I need names.
You're killing me.
Somebody hit Mort.
The stuff is gone but
it ain't on the
streets, anywhere.
There's a big silence
around town.
Loud silence, boy.
Check with Sammy Rhodes.
He may know something.
What's Sammy
got to do with this?
He's a philosopher.
He knows things.
What's it worth?
Spuntz laid a big egg.
All his cash,
a million at least.
A million?
Joey,
you never saw me
and I never told you anything.
I never saw you, Ack?
Hey, Mr. Lee!
More chow fun.
Okay.
I've given you
your place in the universe,
and now you must--
Sammy.
Sammy, how you been?
Joseph.
It's good to see you.
I had a dream about you.
About the old days?
My dreams aren't necessarily
rooted in reality.
I saw your face.
You were a goat.
Ah.
You were grazing on my lawn.
Look at my lawn.
See how perfectly trim it is?
You did a beautiful job.
My dreams lately have been
about the
symbiotic relationships.
You gained nutrition
from my lawn.
My lawn stayed
perfectly trimmed.
I was a happier man.
I-It's like my garden.
Everything laid out
in perfect balance.
Symmetry.
Harmony.
Survival.
Hm.
Well, it must
be working for you.
I mean,
look at this place.
Jeez.
Heh.
What can I do for you?
I'm getting
a lot of heat on me
to track down
this drug called libido.
I was wondering maybe
you might be able to--
No.
I am completely
out of that world now.
Look at me.
What do you see?
Look in me.
You see a clean man.
Completely clean.
How do you think I
got all this?
I got out of the world
that you are in.
You can get out.
I wanna get out.
And I got a woman now
and I think I have a way out.
What way is that?
Well...
I have a vision of you
with a bullet in your face.
You see it also.
I find this stuff,
I'm sitting on a
million bucks.
You know,
why should they get it?
I need your help
as a partner.
I can't do this myself.
The dirty world
is dangling a carrot.
Go clean.
Could I nibble just a bit?
Heh.
Joey, I love you,
but you're on your own.
I knew you'd call, baby.
Well, this is the last time.
Yeah, I'm sure of that.
So where is
the little gangster?
I figured he'd be
moved in here by now.
How long did that take,
about three hours?
Now, what is it that I can
do for you, I wonder?
Don't act stupid.
You know.
Yeah, I guess I do.
One little piggie.
Two little piggies.
That'll last you
till tomorrow.
Go ahead, take it.
I can wait.
Mm.
How bad does it get?
You're just a little girl,
aren't you?
Sweet little girl.
Who loves to fuck.
Hello?
JOEY:
Hello, Mona?
MONA:
Joey? Come home.
Where are you?
I'm working.
I got some stuff to do.
MONA:
Just leave it.
I really need you.
What's wrong?
MONA:
Nothing.
Just come home, okay?
Okay.
Bart, I can't--
I was just about to call you,
here you are.
What a c-- You know,
I've been working on this
and finding some things.
Joey, Joey, Joey, Joey.
I should kill you.
But I can't, so...
Follow me?
Would you cut it out?
That's my chair.
You take the tiny one.
I'm sorry about last night.
Look, I--
If I knew something,
I'd tell you.
Tsk, tsk, tsk.
How are you?
I'm-- I'm good.
Ahh.
That's...
Ahh...
Joey?
Who killed Mort, Joey?
Hell. I'm in hell.
You haven't gone to the cops,
have you, Joey?
Cops? No,
I haven't gone to the cops.
Hank?
It's been a while.
Yeah.
One day.
Well, hello, big boy.
Hey,
isn't this your old turf?
Huh?
You still selling your...
...meat on Santa Monica
Boulevard? Huh?
Let's go for a ride,
tiger.
I've had it
with your bullshit, Joseph.
It's boring.
JOEY:
Hank!
Wherever you go,
stiffs follow.
Why don't you just calm down,
Hank?
You know.
I don't.
You know!
Spuntz. Ack.
I know you've been seeing
those filthy cocksuckers.
You've been playing with me.
I'm gonna come through.
And nobody plays with Dick!
Nobody.
Nobody, nobody, nobody!
I'm working with you,
partner.
Partner!
I'm gonna
waste you right now.
But you're not worth the space
you'd take up in a cell.
It's the truth.
You fucks have never
told me the truth.
Forty years I've tried to
scrub you fucks off
the street.
You fucks, you fucks,
you fucks, you fucks!
You fucks aren't gonna
ruin my life!
I'm going out of here
with flying colors,
you weasel!
Hank, drugs. It's drugs!
Spuntz's. Somebody killed
Mort and stole 'em.
I think it was Spuntz.
He hides his drugs,
he kills his own people,
and the street value
goes up,
and I'm on the inside now.
I will deliver.
I won't lie to you.
You'll crack this case.
Please, just put the gun away.
Please.
I do bad things.
I-I-- I steal cars. I--
I lift change
off old ladies,
but I am not in with Spuntz.
Thank you.
Oh, jeez.
You hungry, Hank?
Stinking little shit.
LANCE:
Well, I'm a hunk
A hunk, a hunk
Get out, Lance!
That's no way to greet
your little love toy.
Please, don't do this to
me now. Don't do this to me!
Aw, come on, baby,
he ain't coming back.
But Daddy's here.
I hate your guts!
I love your ass! Ha!
Turn it on.
A hunk, a hunk, a hunk
No.
Hey.
Just go with it, baby.
Please, don't do this now.
Come on.
Don't be like that.
You know you want it.
It's a long ride.
You're not supposed
to be here now.
He's just using you.
He's just like
all the others.
No, it's true.
He doesn't understand you.
Not the way I do.
You don't wanna be alone,
do you? Do you?
No.
You need me.
I don't need you.
Yes, you do.
No, I don't.
Yes, you do,
because I'm a hunk.
Come on, baby.
Come on.
The lady's with me
You're not to blame
For digging a dame
Of such quality
BART:
Hey, hey, hey!
Come to me, my love,
come to me.
Come into the car.
Excuse the sparseness.
I don't live here, Joey,
I'm just using it
for our special dinner.
Eat, Joseph.
And try the wine.
No, thank you.
Oh, but you must.
It's a '71 Margaux.
Drink.
SPUNTZ:
So?
Express yourself about
my wine.
It's good.
You are a simple man,
Mr. Turks.
Bartholomew,
get ahold of yourself.
Ah.
The music.
The drama.
Are you familiar
with Verdi's Otello?
I, um, am not a cultured man,
Mr. Spuntz.
Simple story with a strong
and moving message.
Listen to the passion
in Otello's voice.
He is outraged
and hurt.
Why?
Because Iago,
Otello's servant and inferior,
has betrayed him.
So outraged is Otello
that he will soon kill Iago.
It is so sad.
This is a scam.
You got the drugs.
You're killing
your own people.
You're hiding them so you can
raise the value on the street.
You're next. Right?
Boys,
it is time for me
to retire.
But, stay, Joey,
and have dessert with Bart.
I'm full.
Have dessert. Sit.
Listen, I didn't
tell Hank Dick nothing.
Although he's
been on my ass.
Listen,
Spuntz is gonna kill us both.
We should help each other.
So excited
Oh, yes, I'm so excited
I'm so excited
Look at the times again
I'd do anything
To be with you
We shift the times again
I've heard
these guys on the radio.
What-- Who are they again?
I've tried to hide the pain
And I know
I'm gonna go insane
Breaking my heart again
And again and again
And again
Ah, ha
You've got me so excited
I know exactly what to do
BART:
Oh, yeah. Whoa. Whoo!
Aw, yeah, that's good.
Oh, that's good.
Whoo!
I feel electric when I dance!
BART:
Oh, God.
Love eternal, crank mother!
Ducky, ducky, fuck, fuck!
Ducky, ducky, fuck, fuck.
Ducky, ducky-- Fuck!
Drop your pants, Joey.
Oh, man.
Shit.
Bart, Bart, listen to me!
You're a marked man.
I think we can nail Spuntz!
Let's start
something together.
Come here, Joey,
come here!
I like your style.
I could use a guy.
We could go--
Bart, tell me.
How do you stay
in such good shape?
So excited
You know I'm so excited
Out of the way.
Huh? Oh.
Oh, shit.
You're pathetic.
I know exactly what to do
Oh, oh
Mona, what happened?
Nothing.
Where did you get these?
I'm the most fucked up person
in the world.
Mona, you gotta tell me!
Mona?
Joey, please help me.
I wanna help you.
Please, help me.
I want to.
I will, but I can't
if you don't tell me
where you got the pill.
If they don't,
they're gonna kill me.
You hear me?
You-- Mona!
From Pat Boone.
LANCE: Fuck you!
Well, if it isn't loafer man.
Where are the drugs?
I don't sell drugs, man.
I play guitar.
Lance, I don't wanna
go crazy on you.
Why don't you just tell me
where libido is.
Libido? What's the matter
there, Dillinger?
You having a little trouble
getting it up?
Getting it up?
Getting it up.
Getting it up's really,
really fucking easy.
See, it's just coming--
Get out of here!
That's a nice move, asshole.
Not my guitar, but nice move.
Why don't you
get the fuck out of here?
All right. Goddamn.
Asshole!
Jeez, I just had a few.
I gave 'em to Mona!
It's time to talk.
All right, man.
Jesus Christ, I told you!
Would you
fucking lighten up?
I'm not fucking lying!
Talk, talk!
I went to Mort like always.
Bullshit!
He didn't have any to sell.
Said they weren't his.
I don't believe you.
It's true.
I need 'em as bad as you.
I don't believe you, Lance.
He won't even return
my fucking phone calls.
Please, Joey.
Can I call you Joey?
Look,
I don't wanna die.
I love Mona.
What do you want?
SPUNTZ:
Give me a minute, please.
No.
We only have a few
of these pills left.
Thank you
for the reminder.
Nobody asked you to pump them
in your mouth like M&M's.
Shut up, you pig.
I want you to find Turks
and find my product.
Kill him
or don't come back.
Now, get away.
You give me reason to leave
When you know I'll stay
You give me reason to stay
Well, I'm on my way
Under this poet's moon
I move and I speak too soon
I know needles and nares
I know Magdalene and Christ
One makes a deal
While the other pays the price
She can walk crooked
And high and drunk and lost
While he gets the cross
How would I know love now?
HANK :
Yeah?
Hank, did I wake you?
Do beans make you fart?
Who is this?
Joey. Joey Turks.
Filth.
You still alive?
Yeah. Ahem. Not for long.
Well, then things
are looking up.
Hank, listen,
I need your help.
BART:
Joe! Joey!
JOEY:
Bart, why--
Why must we always do this?
Be reasonable!
BART:
Joey! I love you!
JOEY:
Come on, we go way back!
BART:
Joey!
JOEY: I was just trying to
call you! Why don't you have
a car phone?
Adrenalin
JOEY:
Bart, let's act like adults!
Come on, now stop the car!
JOEY:
I meant--
Get in! I pushed him!
Get in, get in!
Did you see that shit?
Aw, man, that's a ride.
Aw, Jesus.
I'm gonna kill you.
Mona!
Lance, Jesus, get off of me!
Please. No.
I love you.
I'm sorry for all the things
I didn't say.
I love you!
Get off of me, Lance!
BART:
Oh, ow, ow.
You!
Where can I find
your boyfriend, baby?
Don't point
that gun at her.
Shut up.
You wanna go for a ride too,
rock star?
Not really.
Get up.
But I'll go.
DUMAS:
This is the perfect hideout,
man.
JOEY:
They'll find us here.
We gotta get out of here.
No, listen.
If somebody
was trying to kill you,
the last place you'd go
is for a bite to eat.
Right?
Somebody is trying to kill me.
I'm not hungry.
That's the point.
You eat, you live.
Beautiful, man.
Buckle
your goddamn seatbelts.
I don't-- I don't think
there's a seatbelt back here.
Buckle the fuck up,
skank!
All right, all right,
I'm looking for it, man.
Relax.
We're gonna find
your little boyfriend,
and we're gonna kill
and it's gonna be such fun,
isn't it?
I found it! I found
the seatbelt, man. I got it.
No, man.
I got it.
I got the groove.
I got it right here.
Oh, and look
at Mommy's children,
looking like they really
want some medicine.
Do you want some medicine?
Would you like some?
I'd like one,
since you have so many.
Sure. Just one?
Woo-hoo! Woo-hoo!
I've never felt so alive.
You know when the last time
I ate was?
Three days ago.
I was bored.
It's all boredom, man.
Now I'm into something.
It's a feast. Mm.
So, what is all this, man?
Tell me.
Look.
Do me a favor, will you?
Just let me think
for a second here.
Hey, man, I saved your life.
You don't wanna
get involved in this.
I'm gonna get in
as deep as possible.
I'm gonna find him and
I'm gonna fucking kill him.
I'm gonna
fucking kill him,
and then I'm gonna
fucking fuck him!
I'm gonna fucking kill him,
and then I'm gonna fuck him,
and then I'm gonna fuck
the two of you!
Ha-ha-ha! I'm gonna
fuck the two of you!
Stop it!
I'm gonna fuck the two of you!
All the great artists got
themselves deep in the shit.
And when they got out,
they got bored.
Look at Hemingway.
Blew his brains out.
Gun right in his mouth.
BART:
Yoo-hoo.
Ah, your little boyfriend
is here.
The closer you are to death...
Isn't that just a pleasure?
The more alive you are.
No!
Adrenaline
Adrenaline, adrenaline
Oh, no!
Sammy!
Sam?
JOEY:
Sammy.
Sammy, you out here?
Joey?
Why are you lurking
in my garden?
I need your help, Sammy.
Can you lend me some money?
I don't lend money, Joey.
I make it.
Loans are
against my nature.
What's your problem?
I'm in over my head.
Spuntz wants to kill me.
Uh-huh.
And what do you want?
I wanna stay alive.
I wanna make some money.
I wanna get out of this town.
As I recall, Joey,
I told you to get out.
Yeah, well, I'm in,
so can you help me?
I'm begging you, please.
Look at you.
Always in a big rush.
Always the quick buck.
Never took full advantage
of the situation.
You have to think.
Use your head.
Go back to the beginning.
Be thorough.
Retrace your steps.
What, that's it?
Joey, you're the boss now,
not me.
Use your goddamned head.
Mort. You little fuck.
MONA:
This is getting
a little crazy, Joey.
I thought you were dead.
I'm not.
What's in the suitcase?
Give me a minute.
Who's after you, Joey?
It's me. It's Joey.
This is the last favor
I am ever gonna ask you.
I'm gonna need
a hundred thousand.
It's worth
10 times that.
Then get me in touch with
someone I can unload it on.
Yeah. Yes.
No.
Uh, ring me here.
At 555--
4812.
Meet me at the southeast
corner of the
Sunnyside Cemetery.
Sunnyside.
That's for real.
And listen, I swear to God--
Well, this is quite
a career transition.
Mona, I'm being used.
I'm-- I'm being squeezed
from both sides.
In about two hours I'm gonna
be rid of all this shit,
and I'm gonna get out of town
and you're coming with me.
And going where?
Anywhere.
I love you.
Heh. You've known me
for three days.
I-- I like you then.
Look, we--
We belong together.
How's that?
The two of us,
we're both...losers.
Well, I guess you have
a point about that.
Why don't you just
put the gun down, Bart?
I just tried calling you.
Where the hell were you?
It's all over, pud.
SPUNTZ:
I am the very model
Of a modern major general
I've information veg--
Hello, Joseph.
I'm sorry about
Bart's manners.
I've told him over and over
to respect a man's castle.
You can only spank a farm boy
so many times.
And how are you, miss?
Joey, who the fuck
are these guys?
I think she's behind
the whole thing.
Why don't you just
leave her out of it?
Are we a little spunky today,
Mr. Hero?
Now, Bart,
don't take your own
frustrations out on
other people.
Do you mind if I sit?
Thank you.
BART:
Oh, no, you don't.
Bart.
Please help me, will you?
I'm stuck.
You are a pig.
Hey!
Why don't you lose
a few tons?
For chrissakes.
Why, thank you,
Joseph.
Please, sit down.
Sit down.
Were you planning a trip?
Mona was.
Visiting her mother.
SPUNTZ:
Oh? How nice. Where is home?
Connecticut.
Oh, really?
I know the state well.
I was a Yalie man myself.
Oh, you were a Yalie flunkie.
Shut up,
you degenerate hick.
Joseph,
I must apologize to you.
When I told you the story
about Otello and Iago.
Otello does not kill Iago
in the end,
but as far as I'm concerned,
he should have.
Damn it to hell.
Where is it?
And now I'm going
to kill you, son.
Have you no information
for me, my child?
I need a few more hours.
Look, I've almost found
the drug,
but if you kill me
you're never gonna find 'em.
You're right, Joey.
So we'll kill her.
JOEY:
Okay, okay.
MONA: Joey?
Okay.
Stop it!
Mm.
MONA:
Joey.
I'll talk!
MONA: Stop it.
Joey!
Mm, mm.
Suitcase!
They're in the
goddamn suitcase.
Thank you, Joey.
Freeze!
Homicide Dick.
Hank, how you doing?
I thought
I smelled something up here.
H. Spuntz. Come on.
Put it away. Here.
Come on over here, bucko.
And the other one.
You too, little cock.
Ah.
Mr. Dick, the legend.
I thought you were suspended
for breaking that
fellow's nose.
Taken off the street?
Yeah? Well,
I'm up your ass now, fatty.
Hey, this is Mona.
Mona, this is Detective Dick.
Would anyone
like some beverages?
Just shut your yapper,
Jose.
I'll get it.
Yeah?
Cemetery. An hour is fine.
Who was that?
Who's this?
Open the door.
Who are you?
Is Mona here?
Him? Get him--
God. wh--? Get out of here!
Do you know this guy?
Yeah.
HANK:
Well, get rid of him, honey.
MONA:
Excuse me.
Are you alone?
I feel like
I'm on top of the world.
And I wanna thank Junior here
for all of his help,
not to mention
my own 40-year intuition.
You have nothing on me.
You?
Ah, move your humper.
Move your humpers!
All right,
you look very nice today.
Get up against the wall.
Get over here!
Get in there.
Good work, son.
Thank you, Hank.
Pack your things, meet me
in the cemetery in one hour.
But, Joey--
Look, if you don't come
with me, I'm going alone.
That won't work.
Was--? Was it
the pills all this time
that made you
feel something for me?
I don't think so.
Good.
At last I have your fat ass,
Spuntz!
Oh!
Open the cuffs.
Give me the gun.
Fuck you. Fuck you!
No, no! Not the--
BART:
What are you holding back,
you fat fuck?
No! No!
BART:
You dick.
Fuck you.
There he is!
Come on, you bozo!
Don't lose him.
Shut up, you fat slob.
Mona, I'm here to work out
our relationship.
I think we may be
a little codependent.
And I want you to know
that I'm a new man.
I've changed.
I wanna settle down
and I love you.
Let's run away together.
Can you hold on one second?
SPUNTZ:
What the hell is this?
Get us out of this mess!
Damn it. Where's Turks?
Have you lost him?
Oh, God. Come on, you!
Is this even the
right cemetery, you baboon?
You lost him, damn it,
you lost him.
Can't get into
a goddamn graveyard?
For chrissake.
Look at this. Look!
Shit.
Hello, Joey.
Sammy?
Joey.
What are you doing here?
You called me.
Where's the man?
I'm the man.
I don't get it.
There's nothing to get.
Nothing to get? You got out.
A man's gotta make a living.
I got kids to feed,
a maid to carry.
My wife.
She likes
the finer things in life.
Let me see 'em.
Joey? Let me see 'em.
I don't feel too good about us
doing business like this.
You don't have
to feel anything.
You're here to do a deal.
May I see the money, please?
Ah, very good.
You're thinking.
You must keep
to your plan, never waver.
Ah?
Hm, that's
what it's all about.
What it's all about.
Not you, Sammy.
Joey, where'd you find 'em?
I went crazy searching.
Pool filter.
Ah.
You used your head.
You know,
At first I thought
Mort hiding the drugs
was a handicap
to my situation.
But then,
I had a dream.
I was lost in a great desert.
I was totally naked
and in great need of water.
Then I came upon a mirage,
and there you were.
You were a camel.
How many humps did I have?
You had two.
So I climbed upon your back
and I rode you.
I knew that your instincts
would lead me to water
and you did.
Thank you, Joey.
Uh, you're welcome, Sammy.
But a camel gets awful tired
carrying all that weight.
God created a man,
God created a camel.
One of them's got to do
the shit work.
I'm sorry, Joey.
BART:
Joey!
What the fuck?
How do you start
this damn thing?
BART:
Gonna get you!
Joey, I'm coming up
behind you, Joey.
I'm on your left side.
I'm on your right side.
I'm on the left side.
Oh!
Oh, you've got me
So excited
You've got me so excited
Joey? Joey!
Yoo-hoo!
BART:
Joey?
Joey-poo.
Where are you?
Joey?
Oh, Joey.
Everybody knows Joey Turks
doesn't carry a loaded gun.
Oh, my God!
Sweet Jesus. Joey!
Son of a bitch!
Mort?
Mort, open up!
Come on, man!
I tried calling,
your phone's always busy.
You ever hear of call waiting?
Mort! Mort!
Mort, come on out of there!
Mort, you're dead.
Oh, Mort.
Oh, Mort!
Mort,
you're holding out on me!
Ow!
HANK:
Spuntz, you porker.
I had this analyzed.
You paid a million bucks
for a combo
of caffeine, valium,
and a mild laxative.
Love's been around
Since time began
Yet I never found the time
Now since we've met
I'm a different man
The time I lost
I found in you
In time
Beautiful
Was the night
Full moon
So round and bright
We're just beginning
Well, get 'em out of there,
will you?
They're state's evidence.
Get in the water.
Yeah.
Yeah, this is Dick.
Get me the coroner.
Beautiful are you
I guess you know
Baby, I'm hooked
Not bad
for three days' work.
What are we gonna do
with all this?
Thought we'd find
a nice quiet, safe town.
That we are teaming
At love
Holding you
Kissing you this way
I have
Only one thing to say
Beautiful
Oh, you and me
Why, our hearts
They even agree
We're not pretending
There is no ending
Our life we're spending
Our life
We're spending at love